Documentation / Metadata workflow improvements (#8473)
geonetwork/core-geonetwork: docs/manual/docs/user-guide/workflow/life-cycle.md

# Life cycle

Metadata records can have a lifecycle that typically goes through one or more states. This is an optional feature that 
can be activated on demand (see [Activate the metadata workflow](#activate-workflow)).

For example, when a record is:

-   created and edited by an `Editor` it is in the `Draft` state.
-   being reviewed by a `Content reviewer`, or a review is requested brings the record to `Submitted` state.
-   completed and corrected by the `Content Reviewer` it is in the `Approved` state.
-   superseded or replaced the state is `Retired`.

The catalog has a set of states that a metadata record can have:

-   `Draft` - the record is under construction or being edited.
-   `Submitted` - the record has been submitted for approval to a content review.
-   `Approved` - the content reviewer has reviewed and approved the metadata record.
-   `Retired` - the record has been retired.

When the metadata workflow is activated, the existing records are set in a special status `Unknown`.

## Activate the metadata workflow {#activate-workflow}

> To enable the record life cycle, the metadata workflow should be activated. It can be activated for the full catalogue, certain groups or on an individual record level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the record life cycle, activate the metadata workflow. It can be activated for the full catalogue, certain groups, or on an individual record.
```

Removing the word "should" in order to be direct.

> In the last case, to enable workflow in a metadata and change the status from `Unknown` to `Draft`, click the `Enable workflow` button in the metadata view:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of activating for an individual record: enable workflow in a metadata, change the status from `Unknown` to `Draft`, and then click the `Enable workflow` button in the metadata view:
```
